Opportunistic replanning: grow the plan when reality beats the forecast (#23)
danieltroger/mpi-15k-controller: CLAUDE.md

- **Never swallow errors silently.** Every `catch` either handles the error meaningfully or logs it via `errorLog`/`warnLog` with enough context to debug. If a failure "can't happen", that's exactly why it must be loud when it does. Expected cases (e.g. a state file's first-boot ENOENT) may be quiet, but only when explicitly distinguished from unexpected ones.
- **Main function at the top of the file.** Export the primary function first; helpers go below it (function declarations hoist) or into their own files. Split files that accumulate several unrelated responsibilities.
- **Config values keep their snake_case names end-to-end.** When passing chunks of config around, spread the config section (`{ ...config().automatic_trading, extra_field: ... }`) instead of hand-mapping snake_case to camelCase — no translation walls.

> - **Descriptive variable names** — it should say on the lid what's in the box. No `Sdd`/`k`/`e` single-letter soup outside a 3-line lambda; bundle size is irrelevant, maintainability isn't.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Descriptive variable names** — it should say on the lid what's in the box. No `Sdd`/`k`/`e` single-letter soup, not even in a 3-line lambda; bundle size is irrelevant, maintainability isn't.
```
